Modified templates to use Implicit Usings (#6973)
dotnet/wpf: packaging/Microsoft.Dotnet.Wpf.ProjectTemplates/readme.MD

# WPF Projects Templates

We provide the following templates:
* [WPF Application (C#)](./content/WpfApplication-CSharp)
* [WPF Application (VB)](./content/WpfApplication-VisualBasic)
* [WPF Class library (C#)](./content/WpfClassLibrary-CSharp)
* [WPF Class library (VB)](./content/WpfClassLibrary-VisualBasic)
* [WPF Custom Control library (C#)](./content/WpfCustomControlLibrary-CSharp)
* [WPF Custom Control library (VB)](./content/WpfCustomControlLibrary-VisualBasic)
* [WPF User Control Library (C#)](./content/WpfUserControlLibrary-CSharp)
* [WPF User Control Library (VB)](./content/WpfUserControlLibrary-VisualBasic)

## Testing Templates

Before submitting a change to any of the templates please make sure to test them locally.

1. Install the required template with `dotnet` tool (e.g. `WinFormsApplication-CSharp`).<br />
In the command prompt of your choice run the following command:
    ```

>     > dotnet new -i <path to the repo>\wpf\packaging\Microsoft.Dotnet.Wpf.ProjectTemplates\content\WipfApplication-CSharp

Reviewer: There's a small typo as well:
```suggestion
    > dotnet new uninstall <path to the repo>\wpf\packaging\Microsoft.Dotnet.Wpf.ProjectTemplates\content\WpfApplication-CSharp
```

    ```

2. To confirm that the template is correctly installed run the following command and look for your template:
    ```
    > dotnet new -u
    ```

>     ![image]()

Author: Added the iamge

3. Create an app from your template:
    ```
    > dotnet new wpf -n testapp1
    ```

4. Verify the app behaves as expected. <br />
If necessary, tweak the template and create new apps.

5. Once you are happy with the template, you can uninstall it to revert to the original by running the command given in `dotnet new -u` output; e.g.
    ```

>     > dotnet new -u <path to the repo>\wpf\packaging\Microsoft.Dotnet.Wpf.ProjectTemplates\content\WipfApplication-CSharp

Reviewer: There's a small typo as well:
```suggestion
    > dotnet new uninstall <path to the repo>\wpf\packaging\Microsoft.Dotnet.Wpf.ProjectTemplates\content\WpfApplication-CSharp
```
